1)What is software? What is software engineering?

Ans:-Software is a set of instructions, data or programs used to operate computersand execute specific tasks.
     It is the opposite of hardware, which describes the physical aspects of a computer. Software is a generic
     term used to refer to applications, scripts and programs that run on a device.

Software engineering:-Software engineering is a systematic engineering approach to software development.
                      A software engineer is a person who applies the principles of software engineering
                      to design, develop, maintain,test, and evaluate computer software.


Q.2> Explain types of software?
	
A.2>	4 type of software
	1> Application software :- this is the most common type of computer software, and can be defined as end-user programs
                                   that helps you perform tasks or achieve a desired outcome.the end-user is the person 
                                   who is actually using a product or program.

	2> system software:- System software helps the user, the computer or mobile device, and an application all work together seamlessly.
			     This makes system software crucial to running any kind of application software as well as the whole computer system. 

	3> Programming Software :-While application software is designed for end-users, and system software is designed for computers or mobile devices,
                                  programming software is for computer programmers and developers who are writing code.These are programs that are used 
                                  to write, develop, test, and debug other software programs.It’s helpful to think of these programs as a translator of
                                  sorts: they take programming languages like Laravel, Python, C++, and more and translate them into something a computer
                                  or phone will understand. 

	4> Driver Software :- This software is often considered to be a type of system software. Driver software operates and controls devices that are
                              plugged into a computer.
			      These drivers make it possible for devices to perform their necessary functions.

Q.3> What is SDLC? Explain each phase of SDLC?

A.3> SDLC:-Software development life cycle. the SDLC is a framework defining tasks performed at a each step in the software development process.
	   the life cycle defines a methodology for improving the quality of software and the overall development process.
	1.requirement
	2.analysis
	3.designing ==> GD/ Wd ::: static :- website change ni thay
			   dynamic :- website any change to be developer
	4. development :

		 BE :- php,python,java,.net /
		 FE :- react.js, angular.js

	5.testing
	6. maintainance 